# Build Profile
* **Description**: To explain about the, why building in profile and what are the activities of building the profile.

* **Why Building in Profile**:  Only if you have a passion for the field of cybersecurity, you should enter it and build a profile in that field. Because unlike other IT fields, a cybersecurity expert must have knowledge of all fields except the audiovisual fields. Profile building is the sum of the activities that those who want to become cybersecurity experts need to do to get there.

* **Activities of Building the Profile**: There are two types of activities to build a profile: determining the goals and that suitable creating an action plan. These are explained below.
    * **Set the Goals**: This explains the steps involved in determining the goals for building a profile.
      * **Determine the Specific Working Field**: Determining the goals for building a profile involves determining what type of work to do in which field.
      * **Determine the Level of Work**: Determining the goals for building a profile includes what level of work is expected in the chosen field.
      * **Determine the Chosen Field**: Determining the goals for building a profile includes determining whether the chosen field is one that has not yet been identified or discovered.
      * **Determine the Type of Expert**: Determining the goals for building a profile includes determining what type of expert you to become, whether professional or elite, in your chosen field.
      * **Determine the Type of Organization**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining what type of organization you to work for in your chosen field.
      * **Determine the Type of Government Organization**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining what type of government organization you want to work for if you are planning to work in a government organization in your chosen field.
      * **Determine the Type of Work**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining whether the chosen field is in-person work at the organization or for work from home.
      * **Determine the Location**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining which location in the chosen field you like to work for.
      * **Determine the Salary**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining how much salary you like to earn working in the chosen field.
      * **Determine the Rights**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining what rights are required when working in the chosen field.
      * **Determine the Strategies**: Determining the goals for building a profile includes determining what the strategies are for getting a job in the chosen field.
      * **Determine the Learning Path**: Determining the goals for creating a profile includes determining the learning path you intend to choose to get a job in your chosen field.
      * **Determine the Motivation**: Setting goals for building a profile includes determining what to do if you lose motivation in your chosen learning path to get a job in your chosen field.
      * **Determine the Money, Time, Resources, and Facilities**: Determining the goals for building a profile includes determining how much money, time, resources, and facilities are needed to study in the chosen field in order to obtain a job in the chosen field.
    * **Set the Action Plan**: This explains the steps involved in determining the action plan for building a profile.
      * **Domain Selection**: Determining the action plan for building a profile includes determining which sub-domain within the selected domain is intended to work in. You should choose a sub-domain that you are passionate about, has the potential to have a lot of future job opportunities, and is highly income.
      * **Learn Fundamentals**: If cybersecurity is your chosen career field, determining a plan of action to build a profile includes setting out to gain knowledge and training in some basic subjects before gaining knowledge in topics related to that field.
      * **Learn Security**: If cybersecurity is your chosen career field, determining a plan of action to build a profile includes determining to gain knowledge and training in certain security topics before gaining knowledge in topics related to that field.
      * **Learn Advanced Security**: If cybersecurity is your chosen career field, determining a career plan to build a profile includes obtaining certifications and training in topics related to that field. And it is also essential to obtain knowledge and training in advanced cybersecurity areas.
      * **Doing Projects**: If cybersecurity is your chosen career field, you should develop and implement plans in these areas after gaining knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a action plan for build a profile. You can rely on the Internet to find such projects.
      * **Contributions**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile, and then work on open source projects related to the field in which you have gained knowledge. You should also share your knowledge on technical question-solving sites.
      * **Part Time Work**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile, and then you should work part-time on those topics.
      * **Networking**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile, and then establish relationships with experts working on those topics. Hackathons in those fields can be used for this. Additionly you can also do this using social media like LinkedIn.
      * **Communication**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile, and then you should be proficient in listening, reading, speaking, and writing in the English language.
      * **Keyboard Typing**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile, and then you should become proficient in fast touch keyboard typing.
      * **External Skills**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile. Then you should gain knowledge and training in mathematics, project management, criminology, investigation, open source intelligence, analysis, tech document writing, report writing, tech teaching, and idea presentation.
      * **Marketing**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should determine a action plan to build a profile, gain knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics, and then inform those working in this field through social media, blogging, and vlogging about what you have done related to this cybersecurity field.
      * **Choose a Mentor**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should acquire knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics to determine a work plan to build a profile, and then you should choose a mentor from among those who are well scholered in this field, whether through social media or hackathons.
      * **Resume Building**: If cybersecurity is your career field, you should build your resume after you have acquired knowledge and training in fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics and have done all the necessary activities in this field to determine a work plan to build a profile.